[Docs] Add comment that preemption func specs can differ from runtime (#8538)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/runtimes/configuring-job-resources.md

it to the underlying Kubernetes constructs per the deployment type.<br>
You still have the option of manually setting these low-level configurations, given that you know the specific configurations that are needed.

MLRun applies scheduling constraints to the run object at execution time (and does not modify the function definition).

> Your original scheduling constraints appear on the function, but the actual run may have different constraints applied dynamically when it executes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLRun applies preemptible-related scheduling constraints to the run object at execution time without modifying the function definition.
Original scheduling constraints remain on the function, but actual execution may use different constraints based on the function's preemption mode.
```
